n-api: add napi_get_all_property_names (#30006)
nodejs/node: doc/api/n-api.md

pointer is managed entirely by the threads and this callback. Thus this callback
should free the data.

#### napi_key_collection_mode
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

todo

```C
typedef enum {

>   napi_key_include_all_properties,

Reviewer: Would there be any possible ambiguity on these similar naming of `napi_key_include_all_properties ` and `napi_key_all_properties`? IIUC the `napi_key_collection_mode` indicates whether or not the keys on the prototype chains are collected, and `napi_key_filter` filters property descriptors.

Would it be possible to name `napi_key_collection_mode` following v8's pattern? i.e. `napi_key_include_prototypes`, which would sound very precise.

Author: I've changed them to `napi_key_include_prototypes` and `napi_key_include_own_properties` to follow v8's pattern, I think

>   napi_key_include_own_properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  napi_key_own_only
```

This is not aligned with declaration in `src/js_native_api.h`.

>   napi_key_include_own_properties

Reviewer: Would there be any chance to not include own properties? If not, would `napi_key_own_only` be sufficient to indicate own properties only collection mode?

Apologies if my previous review makes any wrong impression.

} napi_key_collection_mode;
```

#### napi_key_filter
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

todo

```C
typedef enum {
  napi_key_all_properties = 0,
  napi_key_writable = 1,
  napi_key_enumerable = 1 << 1,
  napi_key_configurable = 1 << 2,
  napi_key_skip_strings = 1 << 3,
  napi_key_skip_symbols = 1 << 4
} napi_key_filter;
```

#### napi_key_conversion
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

> todo

Reviewer: There is still a TODO note.

Reviewer: Sorry If I've been not clear 😅. What I mean is remove the `todo` notes, but not capitalize them. Please replace them with anything meaningful to make the PR self-contained.

the `napi_value` in question is of the JavaScript type expected by the API.

### Enum types
#### napi_key_collection_mode
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

```C
typedef enum {
  napi_key_include_prototypes,
  napi_key_own_only
} napi_key_collection_mode;
```

Describes the `Keys/Properties` filter enums:

> `napi_key_conversion` limits the range of collected properties.

Reviewer 2: These lines do not seem to belong here 🤔

`napi_key_own_only` limits the collected properties to the given

> Object only. `napi_key_include_prototypes` will include all keys

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
object only. `napi_key_include_prototypes` will include all keys
```

of strings. The properties of `object` whose key is a symbol will not be
included.

> #### napi_key_collection_mode

Reviewer: If types were expected to be hoisted to the top of the document?

Reviewer 2: @Himself65 there is a section named `## Basic N-API Data Types` *almost* at the top of the file. Could you please move these to the bottom of that section?

of strings. The properties of `object` whose key is a symbol will not be
included.

#### napi_key_collection_mode
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

> 

Reviewer 2: I guess this enum also needs a `todo`, and then the actual explanation.

```C
typedef enum {
  napi_key_include_all_prototypes,

>   napi_key_include_own_prototypes

Reviewer 2: These should be
```C++
napi_key_include_all_properties,
napi_key_include_own_properties
```

IOW *properties*, not *prototypes*.

Reviewer: As a reference, it's declared as `enum class KeyCollectionMode { kOwnOnly, kIncludePrototypes };` in v8.

Also, IMO there are no `own prototypes`, all prototypes in the chain are their own, right?

} napi_key_collection_mode;
```

#### napi_key_filter
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

todo

```C
typedef enum {
  napi_key_all_properties = 0,
  napi_key_writable = 1,
  napi_key_enumerable = 1 << 1,
  napi_key_configurable = 1 << 2,
  napi_key_skip_strings = 1 << 3,
  napi_key_skip_symbols = 1 << 4
} napi_key_filter;
```

#### napi_key_conversion
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

todo

```C
typedef enum {
  napi_key_keep_numbers,
  napi_key_numbers_to_strings
} napi_key_conversion;
```

#### napi_get_all_property_names
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

todo

```C
napi_get_all_property_names(napi_env env,
                            napi_value object,
                            napi_key_collection_mode key_mode,
                            napi_key_filter key_filter,
                            napi_key_conversion key_conversion,
                            napi_value* result);
```

* `[in] env`: The environment that the N-API call is invoked under.
* `[in] object`: The object from which to retrieve the properties.

> * `[in] key_mode`: The enum of the key collection mode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `[in] key_mode`: Whether to retrieve prototype properties as well.
```

> * `[in] key_filter`: The enum of the property filter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `[in] key_filter`: Which properties to retrieve (enumerable/readable/writable).
```

> * `[in] key_conversion`: The enum of the key conversion mode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `[in] key_conversion`: Whether to convert numbered property keys to strings.
```

* `[out] result`: A `napi_value` representing an array of JavaScript values

> that represent the property names of the object. The API can be used to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that represent the property names of the object. [`napi_get_array_length`][] and
[`napi_get_element`][] can be used to iterate over `result`.
```

> iterate over `result` using [`napi_get_array_length`][]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> and [`napi_get_element`][].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Returns `napi_ok` if the API succeeded.

> This API returns an array containing the names of you allowed properties

Reviewer 2: How about "the available" instead of "you allowed"?

of strings. The properties of `object` whose key is a symbol will not be
included.

#### napi_get_all_property_names
<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

> todo

Reviewer: Please address the TODO note.
